---
layout: post
title:  "Week 1 Recap (March 25)"
author: paulnguyen
categories: week
image: /Spring2016/images/image01.jpg
excerpt: "Take the survey! "
---

UPDATE: The [survey link][survey] is now fixed! You no longer need to sign in with a UTMail address.

To the people who were able to show up: thanks for coming out! To the people who weren't able to: you are welcome to talk to me or your peers to get caught up on what was covered!

We made it through slide 25 and finished by covering how a truth table works. If you have had any issues with conflicting versions of Python 2 and 3 on the same machine, here is a [link][stackoverflow] to potentially fix that on Mac by redefining what `python` points to in Terminal. If you don't want to mess with this, you should just be able to type `python3` in Terminal to use Python 3.

Please fill out this [survey][survey]! It'll probably take about 20 to 30 minutes, so feel free to put on some classical music. The exercises are due on April 8th since we haven't covered loops yet. You should still be able to do Problems 1 and 2 with the information that we covered from the slides. If you complete the exercises by April 8th and show up within the first 10 minutes of lecture, I will be happy to look at your code and see if it looks correct and handles certain test cases.

Feel free to email/talk to me, Farzam, or Eric if you have questions; what I recommend most is talking with your peers. You can email me suggestions, ideas, or candid feedback at paul_nguyen /at/ utexas /dot/ edu. If you are reading ahead, you may also talk to me about any advanced topics.

[survey]: http://goo.gl/forms/ANegXfQ9PD
[ex01]: /Spring2016/files/exercises/exercises01.pdf
[stackoverflow]: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/18425379/how-to-set-pythons-default-version-to-3-3-in-mac