---
layout: post
title:  "Week 2 (April 1)"
author: paulnguyen
categories: week
image: /Spring2016/images/image02.jpg
---

This week, we will be going over the basics of object-oriented programming (what is an object? what are functions?) and writing your own functions (as well as using already-available functions from the `math` module), then transition to talking about `for` loops using `range()`, strings, and `for` loops usings strings; we're postponing lists to Week 3 since the exercises for Week 1 don't require you to use lists. If we don't get through everything, I will postpone the due date for the second (short) set of exercises to April 15 instead of April 8 (which is the due date for the first set of exercises, by the way). We will likely talk more about strings in Week 3.

There are [assigned readings][readings] for this week from Think Python (2nd Edition) available in the "Readings and Slides" section of this site. I plan to post the slides before Friday.

In addition, I have retroactively added readings corresponding to material covered in Week 1, which you should check out if you are not entirely clear on everything that was covered yet. If you *do* understand everything so far from the lecture, then I recommend just skimming the Week 1 readings for additional insight.

Please do not hesitate to ask for help or give feedback if anything is confusing. Thanks!

(also fill out the [survey][survey] if you haven't already)

[readings]: http://pailnguyen.github.io/Spring2016/readings_slides/
[survey]: http://goo.gl/forms/ANegXfQ9PD